README.md, before:

# Radar Domain Session Demo

This is a demo showing how to use
[Cadre.DomainSession](https://github.com/cadrephp/Cadre.DomainSession) with
[Radar](https://github.com/radarphp/Radar.Project).

## Setup

```bash
git clone https://github.com/futureproofphp/radar-domain-session.git
cd radar-domain-session

# Install dependencies
composer install
```

## Example

This demo is very simple and mirrors the functionality of the non-radar demo
included in
[Cadre.DomainSession](https://github.com/cadrephp/Cadre.DomainSession/blob/0.x/public/index.php).

To simplify getting and setting cookies in PSR-7 I'm using the excellent
[dflydev-fig-cookies](https://github.com/dflydev/dflydev-fig-cookies) library.

In the `Input` we fetch the session id cookie value. It is null if none exists.

It loads the session (creates a new one if none exists) and checks to see
if there is a timestamp value present.  If none it returns "Unknown" and assigns
the current timestamp to the session.

The session is finished and persisted.

In the `Responder` we check to see if there was a session returned from the domain.
If so, we check to see if the session id was updated (new or regenerated session id).
If it was we assign the session id to the session cookie.

Commit message:

Updating example for rolling session expiration time

README.md, after:

# Radar Domain Session Demo

This is a demo showing how to use
[Cadre.DomainSession](https://github.com/cadrephp/Cadre.DomainSession) with
[Radar](https://github.com/radarphp/Radar.Project).

## Setup

```bash
git clone https://github.com/futureproofphp/radar-domain-session.git
cd radar-domain-session

# Install dependencies
composer install
```

## Example

This demo is very simple and mirrors the functionality of the non-radar demo included in [Cadre.DomainSession](https://github.com/cadrephp/Cadre.DomainSession/blob/0.x/public/index.php).

To simplify getting and setting cookies in PSR-7 I'm using the excellent [dflydev-fig-cookies](https://github.com/dflydev/dflydev-fig-cookies) library.

In the `Input` we fetch the session id cookie value. It is null if none exists.

It loads the session (creates a new one if none exists) and checks to see if there is a timestamp value present.  If none it returns "Unknown" and assigns the current timestamp to the session.

The session is finished and persisted.

In the `Responder` we check to see if there was a session returned from the domain.
If so, we assign the session id to the session cookie with an updated expires time and possibly a new value.
